If you are confused between ADAC Ergo Optima
Secure and IIC Lord Elevate, then
this video is going to be very important for you.
In this video, we will do a
very detailed comparison of both the plans and will also
try to know which
plan can be best for you. So
stay with this video till the end. I am Ashutosh,
your personal finance coach. Let's
start the video. Talking about the minimum and maximum entry
age, in both the plans the
minimum entry age is 18 years and
90 days for dependent child. There is no maximum
entry age. You
can enter this plan at any age, so this is a very
good option. Senior citizens
can also take a comprehensive cover. Sum
Insured Option:
In hdfc0000021, you get sum assured options ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 3 crore.
Along with this,
you also get an unlimited sum assured option. So, if
you feel that
even a sum assured of Rs 3 crore is not sufficient, then you  You can
take the option of unlimited time shot,
in which there will be no limit on your coverage,
you can assume anything like 5, 10, 15.
Talking about room category and room rent,
friends, if you are
taking ACC Lombard's Elevate, then it
is very important for you to take this room on modified basis because when you
go to the hospital for hospitalization, you do not
know whether a single private AC
room is available there or not. In such a situation,
if in an emergency you have to take a higher category
room, then there will be a huge deduction from your claim amount and
you will have to pay a huge amount from your pocket. The
next benefit is AYUSH
treatment, so alternative treatment like
Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy,
all the treatments related to these are
covered up to the sum in both the plans. Pre and post
hospitalization: In HDFC Ergo, pre
hospitalization is 60 days and post
hospitalization is 180 days.
In ICICI Lombard Elevate, pre hospitalization is 90
days and post hospitalization is 180 days.  The
next benefit is day care
treatment. Whenever we take hospitalization,
any hospitalization above 24 hours is
covered in our policy. There are
many treatments which do
not require 24-hour hospitalization.
Due to technological advancement, the treatment is done
in a few hours procedure only. For example,
some surgeries like
cataract surgery, so such day
treatments are covered up to the sum assured in both the plans.
Organ donor cover:
In case of transplant, all the
inpatient treatment of the organ donor is covered up to the
sum assured. The next benefit in both the plans is
domicile hospitalization. There are
many emergencies like there
is no bed available in any nearby hospital or we cannot get any treatment or we
cannot shift a patient to the hospital
and in such a case, if we are
taking hospitalization at home, then such
treatment comes under the category of domicile hospitalization.
Home care treatment means doctor's
advice is covered up to the sum assured in both the plans.  We can also avail some of these treatments at our homes.
Such home care treatment as per
actuals is covered in HDFC Ergo Optima
Secure. In ICICI Lord
Elevate, it is covered in post hospitalization, in
which you have to take a Nursing at Home
rider, in which you
can avail the services of a qualified nurse.
Road Ambulance: In both the plans, road
ambulance as per actuals is
covered up to sum required. Air Ambulance (ADAC)
is available in Optima Secure for charges up to Rs 5 lakh per year.
Air Ambulance (ADAC) is not inbuilt in ICICI Lord Elevate. For
domestic air ambulance,
we have to take a separate rider.
Free health checkup
as a rider is also required. Modern
treatment is a very important
parameter to judge any health insurance. So,
we have to take such health
insurance in which there is
no capping on modern treatment. There is no capping on
modern treatment in both the plans.
Up to sum required as per
actuals is covered. Second medical opinion once per
person is available. ADAC
Second medical opinion
is not available in ICICI Lord Elevate and in RG Optima Secure, e-consultation ADAC is in-
build covered in RG Optima Secure.
In ICICI Lord Elevate, we have to take it as a rider. The
next benefit is maternity cover
[music]
hdfc0cpdccb World Wide Cover
hdfcfund.com There are no variants, there is only one
variant, Elevate. Talking about waiting periods,
both the plans have an
initial waiting period of 30 days, which is industry-
wise common. Apart from that, there is a
specific waiting period of two years, which is
industry-wise common. So, for any slow-
growing disease in which
we do not need immediate treatment,
every insurance
company imposes a waiting period of two years,
such as cataract, hernia, knee
replacement, etc. For pre-existing
conditions, there is a waiting period of three years.
Both the
plans have some unique and attractive
features.  Let's discuss this. First, let's take
HDFC 0000008, in which you have to pay 3 years'
premium together,
it provides 3x coverage. So, if you have
taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh, then it
will cover you for Rs 30 lakh from day one. You get 3x benefit in it.
Apart from this, you get a Plus
benefit in which you get 50%
cumulative bonus for the next 2 years.
In such a case, with Optima Secure, you get
1x coverage, your total coverage becomes
3x. And in Super Secure,
your inbuilt coverage becomes 4x.
Apart from this, you get the restore benefit
which is
available for both related and unrelated illnesses. This
means that every year you will get the restore benefit from the second claim.
Related
and unrelated means that
if there is a second hospitalization in the same year for the same disease for which the hospitalization took place
and your basic coverage has ended,
then  You also get the restore benefit.
Additionally, you get an unlimited
restore rider, which is quite cheap. By
paying just 1% extra premium, you
can avail the unlimited restore rider. In case of
multiple hospitalizations,
you will get a very good benefit.
Additionally, you get a protect
benefit, which covers 68 non-payable
items in-built without any
rider.
Talking about the unique features of Lord Elevate, the first is the
Power Booster, in which you get a 100%
cumulative bonus every year as long as you keep
renewing the policy, regardless of any
claim. So, if you have a policy of Rs 10 lakh and if you
renew it for 10 years, it will become Rs
1 crore, if you renew it for 20 years, it will become Rs
2 crore, and if you renew it for 30 years, it will become Rs
3 crore. Considering future medical
inflation, this can be a good option.
Another unique add-on is
InfaCare, in which you can protect your
policy life.  You
can claim for an unlimited amount in one claim at a time. For
example, if you have a policy of Rs 10 lakh and
you have cumulated bonus of Rs 10-20 lakh or
power booster bonus, but if a claim comes for Rs
70,800 lakh or Rs 1 crore, then
you
can pay the insurance through that rider. Apart from this,
we get the inbuilt benefit of unlimited restore, which will be
available for both full and partial claims, meaning
that it will be available to you for every second claim
for any year, but there is a capping in it
that whatever is the related illness, that is, if there has been a
hospitalization for the disease in that year and there is a
second hospitalization for the same disease, then there is a
cooling period of 45 days for the restore benefit. If the second hospitalization is
happening before 45 days and it is for a
related illness, then you will
not get the restore benefit. Apart from this, there is one more thing
in ICICI Lord Elevate.
Jump Start offers a unique benefit
that covers hypertension, diabetes, and
obesity from day one without
any waiting period. Let's discuss the optional benefits of both plans.
Hospitalization plan offers a lump sum payout.
If you want to cover out-of-pocket expenses, you
can take this rider, which provides
daily cash benefits at the time of hospitalization.
Next is Personal
Accident, which is also a fixed benefit rider
that provides a
lump sum payout in case of accidental death or disability.
Next is Optima Well Being, which is an
OPD rider, but it is not available all over India and is
available only in selected metro cities. The next
option is deductible. hdfcergo.com
is a low-premium plan with a slightly
higher premium. In such a situation, if you
feel that you have a
bill of Rs 1 lakh, you will have to pay Rs 25,000 from your pocket,
and the remaining Rs 75,000 will be borne by
HDFC. Let's talk now.  The
first of the ICICI Lomb Elevate riders
is the
Inflation Protector, which
increases your basic sum assured according to inflation. If you have a Power
Booster or an Inflight
Air Ambulance, Jump Start covers hyper-
diabetes, asthma, and obesity from day one.
Next is the Claim Protector,
which is a non-payable
consumer-
important rider. With Room Modified Lomb
Elevate, we get a cap on a single private AC room.
Therefore, it is
very important for us to take this rider so that we can
avail a room of any category. Apart from this,
we get Compassionate Visit,
Nursing at Home, Maternity Benefit, Newborn
Baby Cover, Vaccination for Newborn Baby.
Apart from this, we get benefits of up to Rs 5 lakh for renting or buying durable medical equipment like
wheelchair, oxygen cylinder, pacemaker, etc.
with this rider.
Apart from this, Covishield Sense
benefit and health checkup benefit are also available.  Fit is an OPD
rider. The next add-on is Network
Advantage. If we take this rider,
we get a discount of 10% on our premium.
However, for that,
we have to go to the preferred hospital list of ICICI Bank for our treatment.
If we go outside that
preferred list, then we have to pay a
copayment of 20%. So this rider is
not advisable. Apart from this, there is
personal accident cover, critical illness cover,
teleconsultation option to reduce your
maternity waiting period.
You have a waiting period of 2 years for maternity.
If you want to reduce it, then you
can reduce the waiting period for maternity by one year by taking this rider.
Apart from this, you get the option of co-payment. So,
if you feel that your
premium is becoming too high or
unaffordable, then you
can select this rider in which you will have to make a co-payment along with your bill,
for which
you will have to pay a co-payment of 10% to 50%.  This is a payment option
and according to that, you will get a
discount in your premium.
In both the plans, we get
to see zone wise premium. If there is
any change in residence or any change in your zone, then
you have to intimate the company.
Talking about premium,
for the premium, I have taken the example of a 30 year old couple
with two kids.
You can see the premium in NCR Zone One for Rs
10 lakh sum assured.
Talking about claim experience or analysis, the
income claim ratio for hdfcergo.com
is 72.6, which is very good for both the companies.
Any company whose income claim
ratio is between 70 to 80 is
considered very good. Talking about complaints on
overall claim, it is at 08
for hdfcergo.com. Talking about complaints after sales service, it
is at 01 for both the plans.
If we talk about value for money, then according to
your requirement for the condition  It will be
more suitable Friends, health
insurance is a very long term
commitment, you have to renew this policy for many years,
hence it is
not only important to select the best plan, but the most important thing is
how good the after sales
services you are getting, that is why I would
suggest you to buy your policy
from a good agent or a good advisor
who can
give you good service at the time of claim after buying the policy,
stay away from spammy portals or online aggregators who call repeatedly just to buy the policy, rather
select a good financial advisor
and buy the policy from him, if you
want to take your policy with me or
want to discuss your health insurance with me, then there is a
team on the number given below which
provides you support for lifetime claim settlement,
friends, if you liked the video, found it
valuable, then do like it
and do subscribe for such information, that's all for
today's video, see you
in the next video,
thank you